Detect .venv in current or parent folder in maturin develop (#1462)
PyO3/maturin: Changelog.md

* **Breaking Change**: Remove deprecated `python-source` option in `Cargo.toml` in [#1335](https://github.com/PyO3/maturin/pull/1335)
* **Breaking Change**: Turn `patchelf` version warning into a hard error in [#1335](https://github.com/PyO3/maturin/pull/1335)
* **Breaking Change**: [`uniffi_bindgen` CLI](https://mozilla.github.io/uniffi-rs/tutorial/Prerequisites.html#the-uniffi-bindgen-cli-tool) is required for building `uniffi` bindings wheels in [#1352](https://github.com/PyO3/maturin/pull/1352)

> * `maturin develop` now just like `maturin run` also look for a virtualenv .venv in the current or any parent directory if no environment is active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `maturin develop` now looks for a virtualenv `.venv` in the current or any parent directory if no virtual environment is active.
```
